type matching, they talk about 4 cases but aren't the 2nd and the 3rd identical? (#47076)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/patterns.md

A *declaration pattern* with type `T` matches an expression when an expression result is non-null and any of the following conditions are true:

> - The run-time type of an expression result is exactly `T`.

Reviewer: Let's refine this because of the identity conversions for Tuple types:

```suggestion
- The run-time type of an expression result has an identity conversion to `T`.
```
